This battery does not last as long as the original Motorola Battery.  I purchased this mainly as an extra battery and it is great for that.  If I have a busy day, or am out of town, I take this along so that I can always be in contact with home or work.  The charger works for the original battery and charges quickly.
The charger appears to work fine, even on my Motorola batteries.  The included battery appears to have about 1/4 to 1/3 the capacity of the original battery based on two charge/discharge cycles in the phone.
I received these items.No instructions.Maybe in japannese. I charged the battery over night. I switched the battery . i used the new battery on my droid x for like 5minutes And the battery sign was showing a quarter of it drained already. Il continue to use n update to see how long it really last
thanks for making this available as a non brand item making it affordable to have alternate batteries, making it easier!
Despite being sold specifically for the Blackberry Bold 9000, it simply doesn't fit a Blackberry Bold.The screen protector is about a third of a millimetre too wide. As a result, the chrome trim around the outside of the Blackberry prevents it from lying flat on the edges of the screen so it does not attach to the screen properly: there is always a 2-3 millimetres of "air margin" down either one or both sides.The problems are therefore:1. It looks ugly2. It will fill with dust3. Case-mate support have been messing me around for over a month now and I'm beginning to suspect they are just hoping that I'll go away and stop annoying them. In other words, the tech support is as useless as the product...
This briefcase is amazing. I am a student and I use this for holding my iPad, a few notebooks, and a textbook along with all my school supplies in the front pockets. I love the leather and the quality of the whole thing! It arrived at my house four days after I placed the order, so shipping was super fast! Great seller and great product.
I bought this to replace my old leather messenger bag.  Looks great but you really have to to work those latches to pop them open.  I've gotten used to it.
G  o  o  d  1G  o  o  d  2G  o  o  d  G  o  o  d .G  o  o  d  G  o  o  d  G  o  o  d  G  o  o  d.
After several weeks of normal use latch dettached from flap I reattached. Then the other latch lock came apart causing a headache to latch and unlatch. Top ends of the flap is tearing. This bag is not worth the  money at all. I'm very disappointed. Worst of all; This company does not stand behind their product. No return granted.
I bought this brief case for my husband for Christmas.  He takes it back and forth to work only. Within the first couple weeks one of the shoulder strap connectors bent. Then a couple weeks later one of the locks on the left front pocket was broken. A few days later the pieces of the lock all fell apart and he now has them in the zipper poket in the back. The company refused to refund my money. So after only a month and a half this briefcase is faling apart. I would definitly not buy again.
My wife bought this for me. I like the style and looks of it but the latches are a real pain. There are times where I only have one hand to open my briefcase and it's not possible with these latches. The way the latches are designed, so close to together, you have to use both hands to open it. Even then it took me a while to get used to opening it. Then a month later one of the tiny screws popped out and the whole &#34;button&#34; fell out. I hate this bag so much now.
I got the bag a month ago. It's a great looking bag and sturdy. What I don't like, is that the shoulder strap (shoulder padded part of it)  is made of the same material on both sides so it is hard to keep it on your shoulder without sliding. Other than that, I'm happy with the purchase.
I use this bag for work everyday.  I've bought other bags but this one by far looks the best and it is made to withstand the everyday use.  I recommend this product!
This bag is far to heavy to be a messager bag or a computer bag. It is slso too small to be a brief case or a computer bag. The leather does look like a quality item. I'm sending mine back, and I think that you would send yours bak to.
It was exactly what he was looking for ~ professional, lightweight and durable ~ and what I was looking for ~ good price!
The Moleskine elastic band it's strong so the material of the case becomes not that nice looking. But in general it is nice product.
Though billed as a laptop case, I purchased this item to use as a carrying case for a legal size notepad and other papers.  It suits that purpose perfectly, is comfortable to carry, and stylish to boot.  Provided it holds up well (only time will tell), it's a great item!
I originally gave this product 2 stars because it looked like it was just a sleeve, with no handles. But it turns out that the handles are INSIDE the bag....so technically I suppose it does have handles. However, you cannot have the bag zipped up all the way and use the handles to carry it at the same time. It seems very odd to have the handles inside the bag....but since the outside of the bag is cute, I'll keep it, and use the semi-functional handles.
I gave this as a gift to my mother because she travels quite a bit.  She isn't a Harry Potter fan, but it was the only cover I could find at the time.  The detailed embroidery isn't tacky and she was quite pleased with it. It arrived quickly and was still in its original package which was also in pristine condition.
I received this bag as a Christmas gift and immediately began using it to transport my laptop and papers back and forth to my office each day.  Keep in mind, the bag sits in a closet overnight, is brought out to the car in the morning and then to the office; and all of this in revserse in the evening.  So, very little wear and tear at all.  In fact, it still looks brand spanking new!So, I was super disappointed this week, when I lifted the back to put on my shoulder and the strap broke at the seam on the side; it is the part where the strap attaches to the bag.  This cannot be repaired, so now the bag is essentially trashed.I am sad to report that after only 6 short months of minimal use, it just doesn't hold up.  I would love to ask for a replacement but not sure I would be successful.So much for "handmade".  Oh, and the laptop sleeve section is too small. I continuously had some issues getting my laptop to fit properly.Based on all of the above, I would not recommend this product.
Our son-in-law loves his man-purse!  He looks awesome carrying it with his computer and camera equipment.I would totally recommend it.
This roller bag not only allows you to pack sufficient clothing but has a quick release compartment for notebook computers along with zipper sleeve cover - for fast access at airport check points.  GREAT BAG for 2011 air traveler.
I searched for carry-on bags intensely for about 3 weeks before ordering this one. I wanted a lightweight carry-on with laptop storage and seriously considered this one along with the Osprey 18" bag (w/ laptop storage) and a Heys hardside model (also w/laptop storage). I went with this one because it was reasonably large (22"), was lightweight according to the description, and had good reviews. I also watched a video on youtube about this carry-on.It came today and I haven't used it yet so can't comment on those aspects. The case seems durable, and the laptop sleeve may be handy, though it is quite large -- but I have a 13" computer. My main complaint is that the bag is quite heavy! It may be true that it is under 8lbs, but I'm not sure -- it feels heavier. I suppose that for perspective, in India, the entire carry-on allowance is 15 lbs, so 8lbs is over halfway there. Anything 7-8lbs should not be advertised as "lightweight" as it is very deceiving. Comparing this carry-on to the $30 one I picked up at Kmart (22"), the Kmart one is significantly lighter.I also find the handles to be very tough to use. They are very close to the bag and there is not much space for one's fingers/ hand to grasp the bag.Overall I'm very disappointed, but perhaps that's because I had high expectations based on reviews and especially the advertisement of lightweight. I was at TJ Maxx recently and saw other carry-ons that were only 4.34lbs (nearly half the weight) and similar in size, perhaps a bit smaller.I would not order this product again.
This bag has gotten me through highschool. It has the perfect size and capacity for bulky textbooks and laptops. If you're looking for a bag that will simply last, look no further.
She used this bag for years in place of a backpack.  As a college art student, she still will occasionally pull it out and use it.  It was well made and no repairs had to be made over the years. :)
I love this bag! I am very happy to own it. It is a little small but that is fine. I like the design is beautiful and I love both Ed and Al! the only thing that would have made it better is if the Flemel Cross was on the back.
This product LOOKs just like the SPECK cases, but they a flimsy, and do not have single holes on the side for all of your plugs. There is a large cut our area, the your plugs fall our of. I purchased this product then went to the Speck about three months later.
its a solid case. sturdy, fits well.BUT it really hurts my wrists! the case clips near the trackpad on the edges of the laptop but it sticks out enough to hurt when you type. i tend to rest my laptop on my lap and my wrists are always resting on the sharp edges!ouch! you guys should really fix that!!
This is a decent case.  I like it because it is clear and looks good.  it has one cutaway that lets you access all the ports on the left, and a cutaway that grants access to the superdrive on the right.  I'm glad it doesn't have individual holes for each port. Doing so would be problematic, particularly for USB thumb drives: because they are wider than a USB cable, it would not be possible to use them while the case is attached.  But that's not a problem here!The case for the "screen half" of the macbook has two lips that "grab on" to the top, but the bottom of the screen doesn't have a similar feature; this is ok, you just have to occasionally squeeze the corner for a tight fit again if you opened your laptop too quickly.A solid deal for the price.
Crystal case is great for accessorizing if you want to add stickers, or other designs to your macbook without seriously harming the hood.In the end im over dust phobic and hate the fact that dust kept getting under the plastic lid. I also was irritated when the removal and clip on caused scratches to be placed on the aluminium body of my macbook.After sobbing a bit I chucked it.
This has not been used long, but it seems to serve its purpose of protecting the computer from scratching and we love that we can put stickers on it without harming the actual computer case.  It was a little difficult to get onto the case, but once we had it on we felt it would not come off until we were ready for it to come off.
Dust gets caught under the case and the bottom half isn't as secured as the top, but what would you expect from the less expensive brand? Regardless I'm glad I bought it. I get the protection and mostly I love that I get to show off my glossy MacBook Pro :)
Plug that fits into laptop is slightly smaller than the original plug, so it causes charging issues. Also, it is not a right-angle plug as shown in the pictures.
More suitable for a little girl than a grown woman. It's too pink and girly, I regret getting it for myself since I am in my twenties, if I could do it again ... I wouldn't purchase it.
I bought this item to replace the original charger that I'd lost. think is pricey and I was disappointed when I noticed the box only had the adapter, as the original box had both the plug and adapter. Don't buy just by the picture displayed, make sure to read the description. I am still missing the USB cable
This is a NOOK product and works as advertised. When I'm travelling without a laptop or don't have a computer around to recharge my Nook, this is great -- just plug it into any  110 outlet and plug in your Nook with it's cable. You can also sit there and continue reading while Nook charges-- very handy if someone else is hogging the computer. It could be my imagination, but Nook seems to charge faster this way rather than by going through computer. There was no color choice and the product I received is white.
I purchased this plug to see if it would work with the Mediabridge Brand USB to Micro USB card that I had purchased, because after getting the cable, my tablet wouldn't charge plugged into just any outlet.  I have a NOOK Color, and that plug worked to charge the tablet.  So I saw this one (at the largest Mass Merchandising store) for half the price here at Amazon and purchased it to try.  And it works.  Charges my Toshiba Excite perfectly through the micro USB port.  Now I can leave my original plug and cable at home and use this Nook Plug and Mediabridge Cable at work.  Perfect!  No more cords in my purse.The Mediabridge cable I purchased:Mediabridge High Speed USB 2.0 - (Coiled) - A-Male to Micro-B CableFor under $20 I have an extra cable and plug to charge my Toshiba Excite.
Got a nook for my wife and figured a wall adapter would help her out.  This was a great price and works well.
Perfect for me so that I don't have to take my computer on travel just to charge my nook.  Works with the cord that came with my nook.
now i can charge my nook anywhere, no need for pc. a touch pricey at about $10, but i'm happy.
Like this book a lot.
This bag came as described. It fits EVERYTHING I may want to pack in it for the day. This includes my lunch, laptop, book, and crochet project. With room still left for essentials.
I ordered this bag on June 7th and it came in today June 13. I did find reviews on other sites but I am hoping my experience is not like those. I was worried the bag would turn out to be to small, but it is not. It has plenty of room for all my stuff and even more. I will update in a couple of weeks.
I received my battery pack on time, but unfortunately I only used my battery pack for two weeks and then it suddenly failed. I don't know the reason; I supposed the battery pack was compatible with the Sony PEG NZ 90. Now the battery pack is death
The battery works fine, but the original advertisement led me to think I would be getting a genuine Sony brand battery, not a Chinese knockoff
It is so hard to find a nice hard bottom laptop bag. The adds don't show the bottom of their products.  I have posted a couple of pictures. The insert that came with the bag and a picture of the bottom of the bag. Note: the wear and tear on the bag is from me. I am hard on a bag I travel across rough areas with it.  The bag comes in perfect clean not used condition. It is not a feminine bag but it serves the purpose.  I can put a pair of shoes in the back or sweater or drink bottle. It is really made for files and papers. Lots of compartments very handy.  Very light bag to carry. The handle comes up high I am a short person 5'5. This was a great buy for the price an Samsonite has been around forever. A plus for me is that it can hold my 15.4 laptop with room to spare.
I decided NOT to purchase this item afterall when I saw that shipping was 19.95!  I can buy a bag locally for as much as I would pay for this one including shipping cost!
I have had this bag for about two months.  Overall the bag seems oganized and well made, except the most important part of a bag, the zippers.  They CONSTANTLY jam and jump off track.  I have made several trips using this bag, and have had problems every single time.  A huge pain when going through airport screening.I bought this bag above someothers simply because I thought the Samsonite brand would guarantee some measure of quality, but, like many companies, I see they too have chosen quick profits over a good reputation.Avoid this bag at all costs!
It is elegant, executive, and sophisticated. I will recommend to everyone who is involved in lot of business travelling. It is neither too small, nor too big. It is what exactly I was looking for. Now, I dont have to think about packing unpacking and can travel within short period of time. it has a perfect space for ur clothes, laptop, all office accessories and still doesnt look huge.
The laptop business case was not the one pictured, It's very small and clothes can't fit. Also it came with a smell of nicotine impregnated that probably won't go away very easy. Very dissapointed!!!!!
I purchased this Business Case for a Two Day Travel that required me to hit the ground running with a group of men.  I was a little concerned about space for clothes and personal items, but it worked out well. I was able to get two outfits, under garment, PJ's and travel size personal hygiene items, shower shoes, laptop, and a folder into bag.  Women...it was hard, but I managed to survive without certain creature of comfort items for two days.
I bought this item because of the description that is for the Blackberry bold, to my surprise is for the curve it doesn't fit the screen there is like one inch of screen not protected by the screen, also it reflects sunlight making the screen virtually unusable when outdoors, and looks ugly..
Despite being sold specifically for the Blackberry Bold 9000, it simply doesn't fit a Blackberry Bold.The screen protector is about a third of a millimetre too wide. As a result, the chrome trim around the outside of the Blackberry prevents it from lying flat on the edges of the screen so it does not attach to the screen properly: there is always a 2-3 millimetres of "air margin" down either one or both sides.The problems are therefore:1.  It looks ugly2.  It will fill with dust3.  Case-mate support have been messing me around for over a month now and I'm beginning to suspect they are just hoping that I'll go away and stop annoying them.  In other words, the tech support is as useless as the product...
I received this product today from Amazon. I compared it to the original battery and it looks, feels, and fits the same. The "Battery Level" lights on the bottom of the battery work properly.My original battery lasted about 2.5 years, but was holding a charge poorly over the last 6 months.I lost two Dell power adapters to malfunctions in the wiring.  I just ordered an "after-market" power cord (NOT the adapter, just the cord from wall to brick) and am hoping it works well.This was not $155.00 like the one from Dell, but $89.00 still hurts the wallet.I will update this review after longer-term use of the battery.
It appears to be an OEM battery although the 'Dell' logo was covered with black tape. There was also a small crack on one side which someone conveniently placed a recycle sticker over to cover it up. It appears to be holding a charge but probably not something Dell could have sold as new.
Purchased this replacement laptop battery for my Dell D620.  After just two months it was not holding a charge and now actually performs worse than my 2 yr old battery that came with the laptop.  Unfortunately I failed to return it before the end of the return policy so now I am out $90.  A COMPLETE AND TOTAL WASTE of money.
Battery looks original - BUT please beware - The LED charge indicator does not seem to work which made me suspicious if this was an original DELL. As of today, Nov 19th, the battery has stopped charging (Bought this in April - so 6 months old). I am trying to contact them to return/replace this - as there is no way an original Dell battery (as they have advertised) would have given up charging this soon.
Terrible cord.  Broke in only 24 hrs Gets hot and does'nt charge well. MADE IN CHINA . Do we make anything any more ???????????????????
Didn't get the chance to use it.  Phone got damaged when it came in. Tried to fine someone else that had a phone like that.
Got this to use with my old Dell Inspiron 1720 during a long trip with final projects coming due. It worked great and didn't get too hot.
Insane convenience and quality for the price paid. Works precisely as the home power brick works. Stays in the car always.
Contrary to the text written by the vendor, this item does not in fact actually work with the T-Mobile V8 phone.  After confirming this with the product manufacturer I requested an RMA from the vendor and was ignored.However, within a few weeks some jackwad at Mobile Action did send a request asking that I remove my negative feedback for the transaction as they took their rating very seriously, just not seriously enough to actually provide good customer service or advertise truthfully.
I use this bag every day when transporting papers and my tablets from home to work.  I can fit a large amount of what I need to in this bag and it has a great look about it.Likes: Color, size, front clasp, variety and number of pocketsDislikes: Strap wears on the bag flap and rubs away the faux leather, the strap came loose from the clip and I had to use some pliers to crimp it back together.
Looks nice. My husband loves it. Great customer service. I would defiantly buy again! Good quality and looks really sleek.
Good looking, good deign....but don't over fill it. Nice product but remember, there really in no clasp - other than the elastic band and it will flip open and you will dump your stuff. Nice for folders, papers and unbreakable.Great feel, top quality, the Moleskine quality... high rating
The pleather that they use is extremely cheap looking. It isn't comparable at all to the moleskin book covers. I was hoping for something that looked professional, and while this does protect my laptop from scratches and stuff, it just looks bad.
Works great for keeping the lap top cool and the lights are cool, too.  Have had this for quite some time and it still works great!  I am gentle with it, though.
